I wish to code in C coz I wanna go the in-depth, deep and fuzzy realm of memory management and netwroking.
In this repository I wish to build my own Web Server, nothing fancy.
I will add the comments wherever I feel like :)

This is done in a windows machine BTW (T-T), that is going to be a good excercise 
Let's get it!!!

Winsock Library 
initlaised like

'''
WSADATA wsa;
WSAStartup(MAKEWORD(2,2),&wsa)
'''

and using -lws2_32 while compilation as there resides the winsock2's implementations

And we are done with the built of a tcp socket ...

Now I am going to assign a name to the socket
i.e., bind it with a local address on a port

used the sockaddr_in struct for that which has the inbuilt family,addr,port members
then type casted this whole thing in the standard bind's sockaddr struct :)
used INADRR_ANY (obviously)

stream sockets are of two types: active and passive
when created, a socket is active i.e., it is ready to connect()
when used listen on a scoket, it os set to passive, it listen() for responses

we will use listen with the second arg as backlog which specifies the number of completely connected sockets waiting for aceept()
SOMAXCONN was the eralier harcoded Kernel level value (128)

now we accept the request
but the accept() sys call is doing something crazy
-used for connection based socket types (SOCK_STREAM, SOCK_SEQ‐ PACKET)
-takes the first connection from the pending connections queue (fcfs)
-creates a new socket
-return a file descriptor for that new socket 
-the new socket is not in listening state (why?)
-the original server socket is unaffected by this call (-_-)

self blocking when no connection present

why addrlen is a pointer?
coz it has to tell the kernel of the space needed to write the address, else underflow can be triggered

now we are going to implement read on the client's req
we will be using the read function (recv call can be used but that will be taken care of later)
it take three argument, the file descripter , the pointer to the buffer address, the no of bytes to be read and stored in the temp buffer

future scope : You’ll also be able to check the number of bytes that are read, and continue reading when the limit of the buffer is reached

alright, this is Windows, we are not playing here, 
we will be using the recv and send calls cause its WINDOWS!!!!
the only difference btw read and reac is the flags we use in recv
well it was simple hehe

now we need to send a response to , coz this is a webserver
for that we will be using the write method
the write method uses the socketfd, a buf from where the things will be written on the file descriptor, the no of bytes to write

SIKE, ITS WINDOWS
we will be using the send call:)

added a few terminal logs

And with that, we have a functional web server! 
It accepts connections, reads requests, and sends back a hardcoded HTML response. 
Also remembered to close the connection socket so we don't leak resources. 
Version 1.0 is officially fulfilled! 🚀

I will try to implement a cache now, the idea is if a file is served from the disk, it gets stored in a cache and then the response time gets reduced very much,
the cache type would be a LRU (least recently used) cache
where, when a file entry which is not there, gets added , if size increases then, the last entry will get removed
